We are onto our very last test here.
So we need to make sure that if we send in some valid values and we are authenticated, a ticket actually
gets created.
Once again, let's write out the test for this first.
So I think that the general request itself is going to maybe look something like this, maybe something
like a wait request to app.
We want to do a post to API tickets and I want to send along some valid title.
So some string and a valid price of, say, 20.
I'm going to say that if we successfully create a ticket, I want to try to send back a status code
of 201.
Indicating that a record was created.
But by just asserting a201 right here, we're not actually checking to make sure that a ticket was created
and saved to the database or anything like that.
So I would really like, if we could somehow write out some check inside of here to make sure that something
was saved to the database.
We don't really have anything inside of our tickets project just yet to work with the Mongo database
so we've allocated.
So for right now, I'm going to put in some comments to remind myself.
I'm going to say add in a check.
To make sure a ticket was saved.
So we will come back here very shortly and add something else in.
Okay.
So without a doubt, the next thing we're going to have to work on to make sure that we can actually
save a record to the database and then eventually fetch some data or make sure that thing was saved
is a ticket model.
So remember, we work with our MongoDB database using Mongoose in order to have Mongoose communicate
with MongoDB, we have to create a model, and that model represents the collection of records we have
inside of MongoDB.
Reading a mongoose model with Thai scripts is a little bit confusing.
So let's go back over to our art service, find the models directory and then the user file inside there.
And just get a quick reminder on how we build a mongoose model with TypeScript.
So back over here, we had created those three interfaces at the very top.
We had an interface that described the properties that were required to create a record.
The user doc right here.
I'm skipping over the middle one.
The doc described the properties that a saved record had.
And then the model represented all the different properties that were going to be assigned to the model
itself.
And remember, the model essentially represents the entire collection of data.
The document represents one single record.
We then created our schema which listed out all the properties we wanted.
We also had the two JSON functions side there.
Remember to JSON was going to somehow manipulate the JSON representation of this data.
The most important thing we did inside of here, beyond removing the password for our user in particular,
remember Mongo saves IDs to a record as underscore ID that is super atypical, not very standard.
And so to make sure that we could have MongoDB running as a back end database along with possibly other
databases in the future, we wanted to make sure that all of our JSON representation of these records
always presented the ID simply as ID as opposed to underscore ID.
So we're going to need to make sure that we do this for the ticket model we create as well.
After that, we then set up the pre safe hook that was only required because we were hashing a password.
So that will not be needed on our ticket model.
We then defined that build function.
Remember, the entire goal of this build function was to just allow TypeScript to do some validation
or type checking on the properties we were trying to use to create a new record.
That was the only reason we made Build.
Whenever we tried to create a record directly by using that user model, there's not any type checking
that goes on with the attributes we pass in.
That's why we made this build thing.
After that, we create the actual model and then exported it.
So we're going to do just about the exact same thing or a ticket model.
We're going to write out the three interfaces, the schema, the build method, and so on.
So for the ticket stuff, let's just take a look at the interfaces we're going to create.
So here are the interfaces we're going to make.
We'll have ticket adders again.
These are the properties that are required to build a ticket.
So we're going to have title price and the users ID.
Left, take a document which describes the properties that a ticket has.
Now, on this diagram I put created at right here, we are not going to actually have created that.
That was just because I wanted you to have a reminder of why we have a separate ticket ATRs and Ticket
Doc Interface Ticket Adders is the set of properties required to build a record after the record is
actually created and saved and essentially turned into a document, that document might have some additional
properties placed on it automatically by Mongoose.
And so an example of that might be that created at Flag.
And again, that is why we had these two separate interfaces because the final set of properties on
a save record might be different than the set of properties that are required to create the record.
But again, we won't have created that.
That was just a very quick reminder.
Then the last interface will be ticket model and once again we'll have a build method on there that's
going to take in some attributes and the return in actual document.
So with all this in mind, with this review, let's go back over to our editor.
We're going to start to build our ticket model.
All right.
Inside of my tickets project.
I'll find the CRC directory.
I'll make a new folder inside.
They're called models and then inside that tickets.
At the very top, I will import mongoose from mongoose.
Well then create those three different interfaces.
So the first one will be at ticket adders.
Then Ticket Doc, and I'm going to write out the names of these to get started.
And ticket model.
All right.
So that looks reasonable.
So now we're going to go through and add in some actual properties to each of these.
So with ticket adders, we're going to put in our title.
That's a string the price that is a number and a user ID that's going to be a string.
For the ticket document, we're going to have the exact same set of properties.
So again, the only purpose of this thing is to have the possibility of adding in some additional properties
in the future.
So we'll put in a title that's a number price.
And user ID.
We're also going to make sure that the ticket document interface extends Mongoose DOT document.
And then finally for a ticket model right here.
We're going to define that build function very similar to what we had back inside of.
User model.
We're also going to make sure that we extend mongoose model and add on that generic type at the very
end as well.
I'm going to put on expense.
Mongoose dart model.
With Ticket Doc.
Inside there, we'll define the build method as taking in a set of attributes of type ticket adders.
And it's going to return a ticket, doc.
All right, so there's our three interfaces.
Let's take a quick pause right here, and we'll start to define our ticket schema in the next video.